fix up language in the packaging tutorial (#887)
NixOS/nix.dev: source/tutorials/first-steps/declarative-shell.md

30 minutes

### What do you need?

> - A very basic understanding of the [Nix language](reading-nix-language)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A basic understanding of the [Nix language](reading-nix-language)
```

Author: I wanted to stress that it's much less than in the tutorial. Maybe "rudimentary"?

Author: ```suggestion
- A rudimentary understanding of the [Nix language](reading-nix-language)
```
